Add docs how to install Knative from release (#2218)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/kyma/docs/038-inst-knative.md

You can install Kyma with [Knative](https://cloud.google.com/knative/) and use its solutions for handling events and serverless functions.

> > **NOTE** Knative integration does not work with pre-allocated IP addresses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** You can’t install Kyma with Knative on clusters with a pre-allocated ingress gateway IP address.
```

## Knative with local deployment from release

> When you install Kyma locally from release, run following command after step 7 of the existing guide:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you install Kyma locally from a release, follow [this](installation-install-kyma-locally-from-the-release-install-kyma-on-minikube) guide and run the following command after you complete step 6:
```
